Add a paragraph in 1.7.5 changes page about the _legacy_link (#168)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/core_updates/1.7.5.md

}
```

## About getAdminLink and _legacy_link

The 1.7.5 version offers a conversion from legacy links to new migrated Symfony pages. Meaning if you use the `Link::getAdminLink` method somewhere in your modules to access a page that has been migrated, PrestaShop automatically converts it to the new Symfony migrated url.

This prevents module developer to update their links each time a page has been migrated. However in many places the method is not used with the url parameters as arguments. Parameters are concatenated after the getAdminLink call. This can result in wrong conversion use cases, so you might need to refactor the way you use this method.

Example:

```php
    //You shouldn't write
    $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders') . '&amp;id_order={$order->id|intval}&amp;vieworder';
    
    //But rather
    $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders', true, [], ['id_customer' => $customer->id|intval, 'viewcustomer' => 1]);
```

> Although this won't be a problem for legacy controllers, but as they will get migrated getAdminLink won't work any more if it is not used properly, so we advice you to refactor your getAdminLink beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this won't be a problem for legacy controllers, the generated link won't work any more if it is not used properly once migrated to Symfony. So we advice you to refactor your call to `getAdminLink` beforehand.
```

You can find more details about this new feature in the [Controller and Routing][controller-routing] page. 

**Links:**

> * [Related issue on module Google Ananlytics (GitHub)](https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_googleanalytics/pull/14/files)

Reviewer: I guess this link should remain with the related chapter.

Author: yep, probably

}
```

## About getAdminLink and _legacy_link

> The 1.7.5 version offers a conversion from legacy links to new migrated Symfony pages. Meaning if you use the `Link::getAdminLink`

Reviewer 2: no need to break line, let markdown do it alone :)

Author: I know it was juste a matter of readability, but I will write it on one line

Reviewer 2: Your IDE should do it alone. (Let's come to Emacs \o/)
https://github.com/PrestaShop/docs/blob/462b6f79b318876200d5986cc54431e5ceb71a11/src/content/1.7/modules/core_updates/1.7.5.md#about-getadminlink-and-_legacy_link
It is weird in GitHub

Author: You mean the last part with `[controller-routing]: {{< relref ...`? Yep in github it does
But I tested it with hugo and it works fine It's used to define the link used before in `[Controller and Routing][controller-routing] page`

**Links:**

* [Related issue on module Google Analytics (GitHub)](https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_googleanalytics/pull/14/files)

## About getAdminLink and _legacy_link

The 1.7.5 version offers a conversion from legacy links to new migrated Symfony pages. Meaning if you use the `Link::getAdminLink` method somewhere in your modules to access a page that has been migrated, PrestaShop automatically converts it to the new Symfony migrated url.

This prevents module developer to update their links each time a page has been migrated. However in many places the method is not used with the url parameters as arguments. Parameters are concatenated after the getAdminLink call. This can result in wrong conversion use cases, so you might need to refactor the way you use this method.

Example:

```php
    //You shouldn't write
    $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders') . '&amp;id_order={$order->id|intval}&amp;vieworder';
    
    //But rather

>     $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders', true, [], ['id_customer' => $customer->id|intval, 'viewcustomer' => 1]);

Author: Well the method already managed these arguments in 1.7.0.x version https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/32b208976e70e98080e8e31ab9e669e679822ac2/classes/Link.php#L675
But for 1.6 versions I don't know how we can do..

>     $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders', true, [], ['id_customer' => $customer->id|intval, 'viewcustomer' => 1]);

Reviewer 3: the API in 1.6.1.x was ugly as f***!

How about suggest this instead:

```php
$link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders', true, [], ['id_customer' => $customer->id|intval, 'viewcustomer' => 1]) . '&amp;id_order={$order->id|intval}&amp;vieworder';
```

>     $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders', true, [], ['id_customer' => $customer->id|intval, 'viewcustomer' => 1]);

Author: this would work in theory, but the 1.6 method only has 2 parameters The won't be an error raised id the number of arguments does not match?

>     $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders', true, [], ['id_customer' => $customer->id|intval, 'viewcustomer' => 1]);

Reviewer 4: > the 1.6 method only has 2 parameters The won't be an error raised id the number of arguments does not match?

You can call a function with more arguments than the function defines, but not the other way around: https://3v4l.org/Yop74

So this is not a problem.

**Links:**

* [Related issue on module Google Analytics (GitHub)](https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_googleanalytics/pull/14/files)

## About getAdminLink and _legacy_link

The 1.7.5 version offers a conversion from legacy links to new migrated Symfony pages. Meaning if you use the `Link::getAdminLink` method somewhere in your modules to access a page that has been migrated, PrestaShop automatically converts it to the new Symfony migrated url.

This prevents module developer to update their links each time a page has been migrated. However in many places the method is not used with the url parameters as arguments. Parameters are concatenated after the getAdminLink call. This can result in wrong conversion use cases, so you might need to refactor the way you use this method.

Example:

```php

>     //You shouldn't write

Author: done!

    $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders') . '&amp;id_order={$order->id|intval}&amp;vieworder';

>     //But rather

Author: I put `Recommended code from PrestaShop 1.7.5` is it ok for you?

>     //But rather

Reviewer: Of course!

    $link->getAdminLink('AdminOrders', true, [], ['id_customer' => $customer->id|intval, 'viewcustomer' => 1]);

>     // If you need to be compatible with both 1.6 and 1.7 versions then you can combine both writing

Reviewer: This method is available from PrestaShop 1.5, let's update it here as well.
```suggestion
    // If you need to be compatible with both 1.5 and 1.7 versions then you can combine both writing
```
